[audio playing...]
winter arrives again. And the new year
begins with the sound of rockets instead
of fireworks. When you walk today, maybe
you will pass one of your favorite
buildings in Liverpool. What loss would
you feel if it was no longer there? To
walk through our streets now has become
painful, physically painful to see the
destruction of theaters, museums,
libraries, churches, synagogues,
mosques, you can recognize the
historical face of a city through its
buildings. You can't imagine how much
heritage you will not manage to rebuild.
cherished memories in our favorite
places are now scarred as joy from the
past becomes distorted in the present.
Time stopped and he doesn't move any
more. Time was short with air bombs.
Time was raped, collectively and
deliberately. Time lies in the world and
waits for the spring waters to bring its
body to the surface. For this spring
waters do not come. Because time does
not exist anymore. And there is no
spring and there is no water to come.
And there is no sun to rise and set.
There is endless February and we're all
in it. Children lose the ability to
walk. They forget the words, they cling
to the mothers, as if they want to
return to the womb. There is no way back
and there is no way forward. There is an
infinite now. And the damn plane
endlessly circles and circles and
circles. Even though it was shot down a
long time ago. It is still there in the
sky above us can use some of the new
world.
As you walk, listen to the different
sounds of the city. Maybe you can hear
cars, bosses, people talking on the
phones and to each other. silence now
shapes the landscapes of our towns and
cities on the frontline. It is literally
something from another dimension. It is
painful and scary for me. Now, when I
walk the streets in hierarchy, I rarely
see car so people the shops and
buildings, a place of plus decoration,
as emptiness and silence the place
something that was once full of life.
Maybe you experienced this during the
lockdown, a distant memory for you.
After everything went back to normal. We
are not in normal circumstances. To
silent here because many people are gone
as our cities, our culture, our country
is being erased from the Earth's
surface. And I asked activists and
artists on the show Regina, what song we
could play after hearing her story. She
told me she had stopped listening to
music. You need to be able to hear the
air raid alarm she said So play that
silence